What do they mean by that?
Is Gu Yiming really my fiance?
Hello
I heard you woke up and you are
You really don't believe in anything
OK
But the work contract between us is still in progress
You can't go on strike just because you're frustrated.
So
You are my boss.
You are my family doctor
So you've got to get back to that.
OK, I see.
Did Dr. Qin promise to come back?
Should be back
It sounds like
He seems to be
Mom
Why do you like the dormitory so much?
Do you remember the woman who brought you back when you were a child in the early morning?
I somehow feel that Qin Shiyu looks a bit like him
You mean Aunt Jiang?
Mengmeng's newborn mother
Right
Unfortunately, he has passed away.
Otherwise, you can find him to confirm the posture of Yu in the previous life.
Mom Xiaoxuan is you
He used the necklace I gave him
Besides
Last time I met the king in the hospital
He told Xiaoxuan himself that she was his biological daughter
Have you met Wang Zhengguo?
Why did he suddenly appear?
What happened back then
Mom made him pay
I told him.
Let him never appear in front of our modern people again in his life